subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Aeromonadales_Aeromonadaceae_Aeromonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Aeromonadales;Aeromonadaceae;Aeromonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Firmicutes.tips.tax:Bacteria_Firmicutes_Bacilli_Bacillales_Bacillaceae_Bacillus	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Bacillaceae;Bacillus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Bordetella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Bordetella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Achromobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Achromobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Advenella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Advenella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Alcaligenes	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Alcaligenes
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Bordetella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Bordetella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Brackiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Brackiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Candidatus_Kinetoplastibacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Candidimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Candidimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Castellaniella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Castellaniella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Derxia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Derxia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Eoetvoesia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Eoetvoesia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_GKS98_freshwater_group	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;GKS98 freshwater group
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Kerstersia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Kerstersia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_MWH-UniP1_aquatic_group	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;MWH-UniP1 aquatic group
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Oligella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Oligella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Paenalcaligenes	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Paenalcaligenes
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Paralcaligenes	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Paralcaligenes
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Parapusillimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Parapusillimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Parasutterella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Parasutterella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Pelistega	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Pelistega
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Pigmentiphaga	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Pigmentiphaga
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Pusillimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Pusillimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Sutterella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Sutterella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_Taylorella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Taylorella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Alcaligenaceae_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Burkholderia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Burkholderia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Candidatus_Glomeribacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Candidatus Glomeribacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Candidatus_Tremblaya	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Candidatus Tremblaya
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Chitinimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Chitinimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Cupriavidus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Cupriavidus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Lautropia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Lautropia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Limnobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Limnobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Pandoraea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Pandoraea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Polynucleobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiaceae_Ralstonia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Ralstonia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Burkholderiales_Incertae_Sedis_Thiomonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiales Incertae Sedis;Thiomonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_CM1G08	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;CM1G08
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Acidovorax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Acidovorax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Albidiferax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Albidiferax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Alicycliphilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Alicycliphilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Aquabacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Aquabacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Aquincola	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Aquincola
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Azohydromonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Azohydromonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_BAL58_marine_group	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;BAL58 marine group
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Brachymonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Brachymonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Caenimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Caenimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Caldimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Caldimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Chlorochromatium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Chlorochromatium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Comamonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Comamonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Curvibacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Curvibacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Delftia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Delftia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Diaphorobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Diaphorobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Extensimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Extensimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Giesbergeria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Giesbergeria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Hydrogenophaga	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Hydrogenophaga
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Hylemonella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Hylemonella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Ideonella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Ideonella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Inhella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Inhella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Kinneretia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Kinneretia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Lampropedia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Lampropedia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Leptothrix	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Leptothrix
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Limnohabitans	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Limnohabitans
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Macromonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Macromonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Malikia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Malikia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Methylibium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Methylibium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Mitsuaria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Mitsuaria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Ottowia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Ottowia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Paucibacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Paucibacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Pelomonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Pelomonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Piscinibacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Piscinibacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Polaromonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Polaromonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Pseudacidovorax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Pseudacidovorax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Pseudorhodoferax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Pseudorhodoferax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Ramlibacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Ramlibacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Rhizobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Rhizobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Rhodoferax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Rhodoferax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Rivibacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Rivibacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Roseateles	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Roseateles
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Rubrivivax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Rubrivivax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Schlegelella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Schlegelella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Simplicispira	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Simplicispira
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Sphaerotilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Sphaerotilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Tepidicella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Tepidicella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Tepidimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Tepidimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Variovorax	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Variovorax
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Verminephrobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Verminephrobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Xenophilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Xenophilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Xylophilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Xylophilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Comamonadaceae_Zhizhongheella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Zhizhongheella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Actimicrobium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Actimicrobium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Candidatus_Profftella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Candidatus Profftella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Collimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Collimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Duganella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Duganella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Glaciimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Glaciimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Herbaspirillum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Herbaspirillum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Herminiimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Herminiimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Janthinobacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Janthinobacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Massilia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Massilia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Noviherbaspirillum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Noviherbaspirillum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Oxalicibacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Oxalicibacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Oxalobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Oxalobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Paucimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Paucimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Pseudoduganella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Pseudoduganella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Rugamonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Rugamonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Telluria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Telluria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_Oxalobacteraceae_Undibacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Undibacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_s3t2d-1089	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;s3t2d-1089
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Burkholderiales_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Campylobacteraceae_Arcobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Arcobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Campylobacteraceae_Campylobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Campylobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Campylobacteraceae_Sulfurospirillum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Sulfurospirillum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Campylobacteraceae_Thiofractor	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Thiofractor
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_Helicobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Helicobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_Rs-M59_termite_group	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Rs-M59 termite group
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_Sulfuricurvum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Sulfuricurvum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_Sulfurimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Sulfurimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_Sulfurovum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Sulfurovum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Helicobacteraceae_Wolinella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Wolinella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Epsilonproteobacteria_Campylobacterales_Hydrogenimonaceae_Hydrogenimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Hydrogenimonaceae;Hydrogenimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Edwardsiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Edwardsiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Arsenophonus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Arsenophonus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Biostraticola	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Biostraticola
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Brenneria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Brenneria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Buchnera	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Buchnera
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Budvicia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Budvicia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Buttiauxella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Buttiauxella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Baumannia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Baumannia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Benitsuchiphilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Benitsuchiphilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Blochmannia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Blochmannia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Carsonella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Carsonella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Curculioniphilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Curculioniphilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Hamiltonella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Hamiltonella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Ishikawaella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Ishikawaella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Kleidoceria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Kleidoceria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Moranella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Moranella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Nasuia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Nasuia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Puchtella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Puchtella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Purcelliella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Purcelliella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Regiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Regiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Riesia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Riesia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Rosenkranzia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Rosenkranzia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Schneideria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Schneideria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Stammerula	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Stammerula
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Steffania	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Steffania
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Vidania	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Vidania
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Candidatus_Zinderia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Candidatus Zinderia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Cedecea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Cedecea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Citrobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Citrobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Cosenzaea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Cosenzaea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Cronobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Cronobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Dickeya	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Dickeya
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Edwardsiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Edwardsiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_endosymbionts	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;endosymbionts
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Enterobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Enterobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Erwinia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Erwinia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Escherichia-Shigella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Escherichia-Shigella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Ewingella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Ewingella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Hafnia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Hafnia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Klebsiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Klebsiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Kluyvera	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Kluyvera
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Leminorella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Leminorella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Lonsdalea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Lonsdalea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Moellerella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Moellerella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Morganella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Morganella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_P131-4	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;P131-4
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Pantoea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Pantoea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Pectobacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Pectobacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Photorhabdus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Photorhabdus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Plesiomonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Plesiomonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Pragia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Pragia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Proteus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Proteus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Providencia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Providencia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Rahnella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Rahnella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Raoultella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Raoultella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Salmonella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Salmonella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Serratia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Serratia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Shimwellia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Shimwellia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Sodalis	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Sodalis
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Tatumella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Tatumella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Thorsellia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Thorsellia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Trabulsiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Trabulsiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Wigglesworthia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Wigglesworthia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Xenorhabdus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Xenorhabdus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Yersinia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Yersinia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Enterobacteriales_Enterobacteriaceae_Yokenella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacteriales;Enterobacteriaceae;Yokenella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Alysiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Alysiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Amantichitinum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Amantichitinum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Andreprevotia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Andreprevotia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Aquaspirillum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Aquaspirillum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Aquitalea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Aquitalea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Bergeriella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Bergeriella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Chitinibacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Chitinibacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Chitinilyticum	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Chitinilyticum
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Chitiniphilus	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Chitiniphilus
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Chromobacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Chromobacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Conchiformibius	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Conchiformibius
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Deefgea	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Deefgea
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Eikenella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Eikenella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Formivibrio	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Formivibrio
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Gulbenkiania	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Gulbenkiania
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Iodobacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Iodobacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Jeongeupia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Jeongeupia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Kingella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Kingella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Laribacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Laribacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Leeia	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Leeia
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Microvirgula	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Microvirgula
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Neisseria	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Neisseria
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Paludibacterium	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Paludibacterium
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Pseudogulbenkiania	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Pseudogulbenkiania
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Rivicola	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Rivicola
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Silvimonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Silvimonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Simonsiella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Simonsiella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Snodgrassella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Snodgrassella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Stenoxybacter	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Stenoxybacter
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_uncultured	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;uncultured
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Uruburuella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Uruburuella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Vitreoscilla	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Vitreoscilla
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Betaproteobacteria_Neisseriales_Neisseriaceae_Vogesella	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Vogesella
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Proteobacteria.tips.tax:Bacteria_Proteobacteria_Gammaproteobacteria_Pseudomonadales_Pseudomonadaceae_Pseudomonas	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas
subtree_taxa/Bacteria_Firmicutes.tips.tax:Bacteria_Firmicutes_Bacilli_Lactobacillales_Streptococcaceae_Streptococcus	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Streptococcus
